V2 of embedded mode tutorial (with supporting `modes` guide) (#5771)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/guides/modes.mdx

import { Markdown } from '../../components/Page';

# Modes

> With the support of SQLite in Keystone 6, you can now choose to use Keystone in a “standalone” (headless) fashion, or “embed” your backend within a frontend app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the support of SQLite in Keystone Next, you can now choose to use Keystone in a “standalone” (headless) fashion, or “embed” your backend within a frontend app.
```

**SO CLOSE** but we're not there yet 😛

Author: Yeah, no worries! I thought that wouldn't make the cut. More of a bit of a mental note, and to try it on for size.

We refer to these two use cases as “modes”. **Embedded mode is new**, and offers a different approach to integrating Keystone. While it offers some quick wins (for developers in particular), it also comes with restrictions that constrain it to a narrow set of uses at this point in time. 

!> Modes is conceptual framework. It has no dedicated APIs, and there are no mentions of modes in the API docs.

## Standalone mode

> Standalone mode is the default (headless) way to use Keystone. In fact **prior to version 6, standalone mode was the only way you could use Keystone**. The premise of standalone mode is:

Reviewer: I know I called it out above but I'm OK with the `version 6` here, this sentence is going to be awkward otherwise, so lets leave this one

Author: Actually, I could say `from versions 5 and lower, standalone mode was the only way you could use Keystone`

Author: I did the above ^

- Keystone operates completely independently of any frontend.
- Editors read and write to your database, via Admin UI, over the internet.

> ?> Unless explicitly stated, all Keystone functionalities work in standalone mode, and all documentation assumes working in standalone mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> Unless explicitly stated, all Keystone functionality works in standalone mode, and all documentation assumes you're set up in standalone mode.
```
